stop
Rover here the second for we've got
wounded moving to your location tell
those guys open up the damn barricade
can't believe you made it through so you
Delta Force guys are hardcore sir here
textin we stock piled all our munitions
missions
sir these bastards are attacking us on
US soil what's happening here is this a
training exercise or what we can hear
them talking on the radio they're taking
orders there's a field commander out
there a chain of command and a mission
doesn't seem like something chicken shit
militia you've got to get us out of here
man we're not equipped for this kind of
thing man you ain't gonna believe this
Pierce get over here lock it down
soldier hey man this can't be wake up
Ambrose at summers we found him
wandering around hiding from the militia
he's in shock or something it's like
seeing a ghost no you died in a wreck
summers not exactly the government's
been holding wunderground in some kind
of hospital right yeah bunch of us
convicts Mexican illegals the most lira
soldiers in my ace like me he's been in
this medical trial has something to do
with the militia operating the area
reborn program it's a black ops on d
thing using materials we found in Iraq
trying to make better soldiers what do
they do to you shots and pills the first
operations and they got creative I tried
the more aggressive procedures on the
homeless guys first you know get it
right that didn't kill them they gave it
to us
and closer I don't buy it maybe for the
enemy but US soldiers Delta Force no way
I believe it I'll kill the people who
did this to you we put our shit on the
line and this is our payback I went to
your funeral man this can't be true tell
me you in a wall or something you son of
a bitch you'd rather believe he just
bailed on us I believe that cricket and
I believe this evergrey bullshit libro
militia what's the agenda they're just
following the guy in charge the one who
broke us out Colonel Green said no way
not that guy greens apology our orders
are to take Ambrose don't say one word
to me about orders right now Noah rice
you can find her she can help me she's
here assigned to this up we'll sneak
summers in the base camp take him
straight to Weiss Grayson list when I
put on this uniform up to a suited
summers Ambrose to defend against all
enemies foreign and domestic he's a
soldier he did his job and look what
they did to him I don't give a damn what
our orders all right now until we find
out what's going on I'm here for you
guys and that's it easy for you to say
you don't have a family tube Ambrose I
can prove that the reborn program is
real take me to no sir the breaching you
do
when's the last time you boys slept
Tuesday sir shit Pierce somebody's got
to escort them back to base camp reborn
to rounding up civilians and moving them
to a drive-in on the outskirts of town
they're gonna kill him or worse I'll go
with some Pierce check out the drive-in
man I don't want to leave you guys now
we'll be all right